Minimal redis stream source doc (#5253)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/sources/redis/README.md

> # RedisStreamSource

Author: All other sources need to be updated as well then.

![stage](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stage-alpha-green?style=flat-square)
![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/API_Version-v1alpha1-red?style=flat-square)

> The Redis Streams source reads messages from a [Redis Streams](https://redis.io/docs/data-types/streams/) and sends them as CloudEvents to the referenced Sink.

Author: It looks good now (I think)

> The Redis Streams source reads messages from a [Redis Streams](https://redis.io/docs/data-types/streams/) and sends them as CloudEvents to the referenced Sink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RedisStreamSource reads messages from [Redis Streams](https://redis.io/docs/data-types/streams/) and sends them as CloudEvents to the referenced Sink.
```
